hi viewing and welcome to a new episode
of cooking with Baker and episode will
remake scrumptious cherry pie here's
some of the things that I'll be using in
today's episode
if facing that we're gonna prepare is
some lovely cherry filling I suggest
getting an all-natural tape from a good
store first and him yeah preservatives
make sure you let it come to a boil
after that add some water and a little
bit of sugar
after that caramelize it you can put it
on low key and set it aside for later
perfect first preheat the oven to 350
degrees
the ingredients you'll need for this pie
crust are flour salt butter and iced
latte and a large bowl mix all the
ingredients together once it blows the
bowl cut it in half and put one half
aside with one half pressing into your
people can once you get it all settled
take a tray ingredients and spread it
generously in the pan
after that you're gonna pick your second
half and roll it out and after you roll
out real good we're gonna cut it out
this is what it looks like before we can
and thank you guys for watching I'm
gonna cut this pie and share is my 50
thanks for watching